1)Write a program (WAP) to find the greatest of three numbers.

2)WAP to reverse a number.

3)WAP to convert temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit.

4)WAP to compute the sum of the first n terms of the following series
S =1-2+3-4+5…………….

5)WAP to find factorial of a given number a) using recursion b) using iteration.

6)WAP to find grade of a student given her/his marks in four subjects.

7)WAP to find whether a given number is prime or not.

8)WAP to compute the factors of a given number using default argument.

9)WAP to swap two numbers.

10)WAP to define a function ‘Area’ that calculates the area of a rectangle, square and triangle.
Use function overloading.

11)WAP (menu-driven) to perform following actions on an array entered by the user:
    i) Print the even-valued elements
    ii) Print the odd-valued elements
    iii) Calculate and print the sum and average of the elements of array
    iv) Print the maximum and minimum element of array

12)WAP to print a triangle of stars as follows (take number of lines from user):
        *
        *
        **
        ***
        ****

13)Create a structure called Employee that contains the following members: employee number,
name and salary. Display the information of an employee.

14)Create Matrix class. WAP (menu-driven) to perform following matrix operations:
    a) Sum
    b) Difference
    c) Transpose

15)Create a class: Person with member variables: name and age. Create two overloaded
constructors for this class along with a copy constructor. Also create a destructor. Include
member function, get_data(), to get the name and age of the person. Define a member function,
display_data() to display the member variables. Define objects for this class and showcase
these of each of these functions.

16.)Inherit the above defined class: Person to create two new classes: Teacher and Student. In
both the new classes, override the get_data() function of the Person class. Also include new
functions get_specialization() and get_class() for the Teacher and Student class respectively.
Create objects of these classes. Use the member functions suitably to show the properties of
inheritance.

17.)Create a text file by taking input from user. Save the file and read back the contents of the
file and display on the screen.